# CareerIntelligencePlatform
A Career Intelligence Platform for individiuals outside of tradtional growth orgs (High School, University, Bootcamps) 


Career exploration and management have traditionally been a very manual process managed by individuals, parents and niche supporters such as academic advisors or career counselors and coaches often within a school setting. These professionals often have varying levels of skill and access to tools and information. Industry demands for skills continue to evolve very quickly and individual career seekers as well as support professionals need increased support and empowerment within a technology-enhanced, platform environment designed to support their exploration, discovery, simulation and community building around specific vision, skills and roles. Coaches and advisors also need more robust principles, processes and tools to empower them to help their clients in more robust ways while also evolving their own skills while tracking the quickly evolving skills and roles landscape. 

Additionally, since the industrial revolution, career exploration traditionally involves low fidelity career intelligence gathering. Five minute online assessments, thirty minute career counselling sessions, informal conversations and occasionally job shadowing, determine decades and lifelong professional trajectories that can be ill-suited to a person’s aptitudes and interests. Rarely do young professionals at the beginning of their career paths have a clear grasp of what job opportunities there are, and how their unique interests and experiences might best meet the needs of the world. Career seekers need engaging, real-world based inputs to help them identify how their unique interests and abilities can solve today’s problems in meaningful ways. 
